belief in oneself is contagious we are
part of something larger we are fighting
for the broken my name is dr. le staple
and I'm a psychiatrist I specialize in
those individuals who believe that they
are supernatural beings I don't belong
here
David Daniel do you believe you are
exceptionally strong but there are men
who are as strong as you
Kevin window.chrome you believe there
are two dozen souls living in that body
with you you can call me Norma elijah
crisis you have an extraordinary IQ you
think you are superhuman what if I
suggested that you are mistaken
they'd been lying to us all
you were sent here to be an avenging
angel how much do you want to avenge us
these individuals have lost their
perspective a lot of people convinced
the world
this is where they would paint you with
big eyes and bubbles of confusion above
your head
[Music]